TimeLog.md, before:

# Time Log
|Date|Task|Hours|Notes|
|----|----|-----|-----|
|2/10/16| Project Directory setup | 2.5|Review week 1-2, week 3|
|2/12/16| Mindflex headset hacking | 4 | Research |
|2/13/16| Mindflex headset hacking | 2 | Research, issue with raspberry pi and serial data. |
|2/14/16| Mindflex headset hacking | 3 | Arduino bought, configuration overview |
|2/15/16| Arduino libraries and setup | .5 | Arduino IDE installed, library research |
|2/16/16| Arduino brain library | .5 | Configuration of the publicly available "Brain Library" for Arduino |
|2/17/16| Script testing, development | 1 | Configuration of Brain Library, troubleshooting IDE compatibility issues |
|2/23/16| WSDL | .5 | Didn't get very far, will need to revisit |
|3/??/16| Website development | 2 | Attended night class, spent time building out my index.jsp |
|3/??/16| Website development | 2 | Pinegrow HTML design editor |
|4/14/16| DAO, Hibernate progress | 3 | Trying to get as far as I can in the next two weeks. I Fixed directory structures, project settings and made significant progress towards integrating my database |
|4/16/16|

Commit message:

added the ability to log in!
Worked on unit testing and user access.

TimeLog.md, after:

# Time Log
|Date|Task|Hours|Notes|
|----|----|-----|-----|
|2/10/16| Project Directory setup | 2.5|Review week 1-2, week 3|
|2/12/16| Mindflex headset hacking | 4 | Research |
|2/13/16| Mindflex headset hacking | 2 | Research, issue with raspberry pi and serial data. |
|2/14/16| Mindflex headset hacking | 3 | Arduino bought, configuration overview |
|2/15/16| Arduino libraries and setup | .5 | Arduino IDE installed, library research |
|2/16/16| Arduino brain library | .5 | Configuration of the publicly available "Brain Library" for Arduino |
|2/17/16| Script testing, development | 1 | Configuration of Brain Library, troubleshooting IDE compatibility issues |
|2/23/16| WSDL | .5 | Didn't get very far, will need to revisit |
|3/??/16| Website development | 2 | Attended night class, spent time building out my index.jsp |
|3/??/16| Website development | 2 | Pinegrow HTML design editor |
|4/14/16| DAO, Hibernate progress | 3 | Trying to get as far as I can in the next two weeks. I Fixed directory structures, project settings and made significant progress towards integrating my database |
|4/16/16| DAO, Hibernate, Unit Testing | 4 | IT WORKS! Using hibernate to create new database entries is up and running. Created
unit tests for the User |
|4|17|16|
